 Manage Creative Profiles
? Creative Profiles Menu (Current: virtual_influencer.json) Load a Profile (Switch to a different character/style)
? Which profile would you like to load? virtual_influencer.json
[APP-SUCCESS] Profile "virtual_influencer.json" loaded and set as the active configuration.
[APP-INFO] Loading configuration from config.json...
? What would you like to do?
  - Active Profile: virtual_influencer
  - Logged In: X, LinkedIn
 Generate and Queue a New Post
[APP-INFO] Loading configuration from config.json...
? Enter the topic for the Virtual Influencer: Received
? Use this topic directly as the post summary (skips AI summary generation)? No
? Queue for which platforms? X, LinkedIn
? Generate post about "Health and Fitness: A UCL study suggests aligning workouts with personality types boosts fitness
and reduces stress. Extroverts benefit from high-intensity interval training (HIIT), while those with higher neuroticism
 prefer short, private exercise sessions." for X, LinkedIn? Yes

[APP-INFO] Starting Two-Phase Virtual Influencer post for topic: "Health and Fitness: A UCL study suggests aligning workouts with personality types boosts fitness and reduces stress. Extroverts benefit from high-intensity interval training (HIIT), while those with higher neuroticism prefer short, private exercise sessions."
? Generated summary:

"A recent study from University College London indicates a significant correlation between personality traits and the
effectiveness of different exercise modalities. The findings suggest that personalized fitness regimens, tailored to an
individual's disposition, can lead to superior physical outcomes and greater stress reduction. Specifically, the
research highlights that extroverted individuals may derive more benefit from high-intensity interval training (HIIT),
likely due to its stimulating and often social nature. Conversely, individuals with higher levels of neuroticism tend to
 respond better to shorter, private exercise sessions, which may minimize feelings of anxiety or self-consciousness
often associated with public gym environments. This approach challenges the 'one-size-fits-all' model of fitness,
advocating for a more psychologically informed strategy to improve both workout adherence and overall well-being."

Approve or edit? Approve
? Generated dialogue:

"The most effective workout is one that complements your personality."

Approve or edit? Approve
? Generated background prompt:

"A serene and minimalist home workout space during the early morning. Soft, diffused sunlight streams through a large,
clean window, illuminating a light oak wood floor. In the center, a dark grey yoga mat is unrolled, creating a clear
focal point. To the side of the mat, a single black kettlebell and a set of sleek, chrome dumbbells are neatly arranged.
 A water bottle with condensation sits next to them. The background through the window is a softly blurred view of a
tranquil, green garden, enhancing the sense of privacy and peace. The overall atmosphere is calm, uncluttered, and
inviting, designed for focused, individual exercise. The lighting is natural and gentle, with no harsh shadows."

Approve or edit? Approve
[APP-INFO] Phase 1: Generating character on a neutral background for inpainting...
[APP-DEBUG] OpenAI API Request: {
  "model": "gpt-image-1",
  "prompt": "A hyper-realistic, professional photograph, cinematic lighting, 8k resolution. Create a highly realistic digital portrait of a middle-aged South Asian man in his 50s, with medium-brown skin and short, slightly tousled black hair with graying temples. He wears stylish matte black rectangular glasses and discreet black wireless earbuds. His expression features a gentle half-smirk that subtly reveals dimples, paired with warm, introspective eyes that suggest depth and quiet intelligence. He is dressed in a dark navy-blue button-up shirt with a refined floral pattern. The background is softly blurred in warm, neutral tones, and the lighting is soft and cinematic - with natural highlights on the cheeks and forehead to convey serenity and thoughtfulness. The overall vibe is modern, approachable, and intellectually grounded - suited for an AI mentor or thoughtful creative professional.His clothes are appropriate for the Health and Fitness: A UCL study suggests aligning workouts with personality types boosts fitness and reduces stress. Extroverts benefit from high-intensity interval training (HIIT), while those with higher neuroticism prefer short, private exercise sessions.. His facial expression reflects the mood of the Health and Fitness: A UCL study suggests aligning workouts with personality types boosts fitness and reduces stress. Extroverts benefit from high-intensity interval training (HIIT), while those with higher neuroticism prefer short, private exercise sessions.., with a speech bubble that clearly says: \"The most effective workout is one that complements your personality.\". The background should be a solid, neutral light grey., with a 5% margin of empty space around the entire image to act as a safe zone. The speech bubble must be positioned so it is fully visible and not cut off by the edges of the image.",
  "n": 1,
  "size": "1024x1024",
  "moderation": "low"
}
[APP-SUCCESS] Phase 1 complete. Transparent character saved to: D:\Gemini\SocialPost\temp_character_1753817836131.png
[APP-INFO] Phase 2: Calling Python script to inpaint the background...
[PYTHON] Opening image from: D:\Gemini\SocialPost\temp_character_1753817836131.png
[PYTHON] API call successful. Decoding image...
[PYTHON] Successfully saved edited image to: D:\Gemini\SocialPost\post-image-1753817883206.png
[APP-SUCCESS] Phase 2 complete. Final image saved to: D:\Gemini\SocialPost\post-image-1753817883206.png
[APP-INFO] Cleaned up temporary character file.
[APP-SUCCESS] New Virtual Influencer job cec093a6-8d56-4126-b42d-355ca517c780 added to the queue.
? What would you like to do?
  - Active Profile: virtual_influencer
  - Logged In: X, LinkedInn